one moment don't you caption hey ya
ready for greatness well about to see
them on buses ask hey shout out hey yo I
wanna give a shot oh doh Rico oh I love
you baby oh go you go oh hey you gonna
fill that in the moon
Ashley me what do you do what happened
wow this is going all over YouTube baby
oh honey hold a whole hog why no just
happen I know this is what was supposed
to happen go do it see how much cooler
that was not cool because oh my goodness
I joke I hurry all right so so this is
going all over youtube so i like to give
a shout out to my baseball team this
last game oh sorry shower to my mother
ya know cover yourself oh yeah Kenny
young ashley first up we got Johnny hand
hug hobby give a little shout out man
shaddup oh Rico you up the whole singer
and graduate in the kitchen I hit oh my
goodness
you